Release fleetd 1.28.0 (#20581)
fleetdm/fleet: orbit/CHANGELOG.md

## Orbit 1.28.0 (Jul 18, 2024)

* Fixes a bug that caused log Orbit's osquery table log output to be inconsistent.

adding support for new agent option `script_execution_timeout` to configure seconds until a script
is killed due to timeout.

* Updated Go version to go1.22.4

* Fix boot loop caused by Linux hosts with no hardware UUID

* Added support for Linux ARM64

> * Fix bug where UTC timezone could cause error in `fleetd_logs` table time parsing

Reviewer: pending confirmation, we think we're missing the changes to hide the 'Self-service' menu item if you don't have software installers

## Orbit 1.28.0 (Jul 18, 2024)

> * Hide "Self-service" in Fleet Desktop and My device page if there is no self-service software available.
> 
> * Fixes a bug that caused log Orbit's osquery table log output to be inconsistent.
> 
> * Adding support for new agent option `script_execution_timeout` to configure seconds until a script is killed due to timeout.
> 
> * Updated Go version to go1.22.4
> 
> * Fix boot loop caused by Linux hosts with no hardware UUID
> 
> * Added support for Linux ARM64
> 
> * Fix bug where UTC timezone could cause error in `fleetd_logs` table time parsing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Hid "Self-service" in Fleet Desktop and My device page if there is no self-service software available.

* Fixed a bug that caused log Orbit's osquery table log output to be inconsistent.

* Added support for new agent option `script_execution_timeout` to configure seconds until a script is killed due to timeout.

* Updated Go version to go1.22.4.

* Fixed boot loop caused by Linux hosts with no hardware UUID.

* Added support for Linux ARM64.

* Fixed bug where UTC timezone could cause error in `fleetd_logs` table time parsing.
```

For consistency changelog items should be in the past-tense and always end with a period.

Author: Thanks! Changes committed. I'll add a reminder in the pull request template.
